RNs-4.8.37 Added with Bug Fix Update (#44779)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-8-release-notes.adoc

==== Updating

To upgrade an existing {product-title} 4.8 cluster to this latest release, see xref:../updating/updating-cluster-cli.adoc[Updating a cluster using the CLI] for instructions.

[id="ocp-4-8-37"]
=== RHBA-2022:1369 - {product-title} 4.8.37 bug fix update

Issued: 2022-04-21

> {product-title} release 4.8.37, which includes security updates, is now available. The bug fixes that are included in the update are listed in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2022:1369[RHBA-2022:1369] advisory. There are no RPM packages for this release.

Author: Ah, completely missed that! Thanks for the catch, Jeana! :)

Space precluded documenting all of the container images for this release in the advisory. See the following article for notes on the container images in this release:

link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/6936291[{product-title} 4.8.37 container image list]

[id="ocp-4-8-37-bug-fixes"]
==== Bug fixes

> * Previously, when deleting a `Node`, the Local Storage Operator (LSO) `issued` a request to delete the `persistent volume` (PV), leaving the PV in the terminating state while connected to a `Pod`. This update removes the owner reference from the PV, preventing them from going into the terminating state when deleting a `Node`. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2072573#[*BZ#2072573*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, when deleting a node, the Local Storage Operator issued a request to delete the persistent volume (PV), leaving the PV in the terminating state while connected to a pod. This update removes the owner reference from the PV, preventing it from going into the terminating state when deleting a node. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2072573#[*BZ#2072573*])
```

> * Before this update, when deleting a `Node`, the Local Storage Operator (LSO) would issue a request to delete the Persistent Volume (PV), leaving the PV in the terminating state while connected to a `Pod`. This update removes the `OwnerReference` from the PV, preventing them from going into the terminating state when deleting a `Node`. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2072573#[*BZ#2072573*])

Author: Makes sense! I couldn't find what it means other than it is a node. So I went ahead and made it plain text.
